Add snap package configuration file (#2503)
ispc/ispc: README.md

> [![Appveyor build status (Windows)](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/xfllw9vkp3lj4l0v/branch/main?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/ispc/ispc/branch/main) [![ispc](https://snapcraft.io/ispc/badge.svg)](https://snapcraft.io/ispc)

Reviewer: Is the badge for `1.19.0`? If so, then it's confusing to have its badge next to main build status.

I guess we should have a link to it on the release page for 1.20.0 when we release.

Author: Yes, it is. OK.

  * Debugging with standard tools: ``ispc``
    programs can be debugged with standard debuggers.

Installation
------------

Official release binaries can be downloaded from
[the release page](https://github.com/ispc/ispc/releases).
Linux users can install it from the Snap Store:

```bash
snap install ispc
```

> ISPC is distributes as the pasrt of Intel® oneAPI. It can be installed from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ISPC is also distributed as the part of Intel® oneAPI. It can be installed from
```
